[Music]
hey what do you say we test your logical
thinking by solving these ten kids
riddles exceptional logical thinking is
rare in today's world do you think you
have it well let's find out with a
couple of brain teasers
but don't sigh with relief just yet
because these riddles aren't as easy as
you might think
before we start remember to subscribe to
our Channel and turn on notifications
now you won't miss any of our new videos
okay here we go
riddle number one look at this toy here
amid carefully in what order will you
see the colors from the top view you
have 15 seconds to think about it have
you prepared your answer yet it's not
that hard look at the pyramid carefully
again from the top view you'll see the
colors in this order dark blue light
blue green yellow and red
easy-peasy riddle number two a man wrote
three words on a glass board but it
suddenly fell and shattered into
numerous pieces here are some of the
pieces with letters on them each of
these three groups of letters forms a
word can you find out what the words are
and find the odd one out think quickly
you have only 15 seconds let's look at
it together the first set of letters
forms the word bacon the second set
makes the word cupcake whoo-hoo bacon
cupcakes mmm and the third one says love
if you chose love as the odd went out
you're wrong it's actually bacon because
cupcake and love both end with an e we
warned you that the riddles weren't easy
so keep an eye out no not literally
don't take your eye out ill riddle
number three let's talk about family now
imagine a family with two mothers two
daughters one grandmother and one
granddaughter the question is simple how
many people are in this family count
them all in 15 seconds
[Music]
the key to cracking this riddle is
remembering that one person isn't always
only one thing for example someone's
daughter is also someone else's
granddaughter in this particular family
there are actually three members a
grandmother her daughter and her
granddaughter think about it the
grandmother is the mother to her
daughter while her daughter is the
mother to her granddaughter we guess
family ties can be really confusing
[Music]
riddle number 4 look at this shape
carefully now look at these three shapes
that it becomes if you turn it to one
side or the other one of these three is
again an odd one out can you spot it
time is ticking
[Music]
if you chose shapes see as the odd one
out congratulations you passed this test
look at it once again the red square
here at the end is missing
well shapes a and B are perfectly fine
attention is the key riddle number 5 2 5
8 14 and
can you figure out what the next number
should be and why time to use your
logical thinking again the correct
answer here is 23
did you guess correctly the pattern is
very simple you need to add the first
number to the next number and add one
after that for example 2 plus 5 is 7 and
7 plus 1 is 8 then 5 plus 8 is 13 and 13
plus 1 is 14 and finally 8 plus 14 is 22
and 22 plus 1 is 23 and just like that
riddle number six look at these four
letter combinations each of them forms
the last name of a famous person
your task is simple find out what these
last names are and identify the odd one
out your 15 seconds start now well let's
see whether you crack this riddle the
first name is DaVinci the second one is
Vivaldi the third one is Van Gogh and
the final one is Rembrandt if you've
answered this part right
you've probably picked Vivaldi as the
odd one out which is right he's the only
composer in this list of painters well
done
riddle number seven there's a shelf of
books in a library on this shelf a
particular book is fourth from the left
and the six from the right knowing this
can you figure out how many books there
are on this shelf tick-tock
[Music]
if your answer is nine you're right and
should give yourself a pat on the back
if your arms long enough if the book is
the fourth from the left that means
there are three books before it and if
it's the sixth from the right that means
there are five books after it
five plus three is eight plus the book
itself gives us nine riddle number eight
o t t F F s s there should be three more
letters in this sequence but what are
they use these 15 seconds to crack this
riddle the correct answer is much
simpler and easier than you probably
thought these numbers represent the
first letters of the numbers one to ten
here we finished on a seven so the next
three letters are e 4 8 n 4 9 and T 4 10
simply genius
riddle number nine let's throw a bit
more math into the mix shall we let's
look at these two equations given this
information do you have any idea which
number should be in the place of this
question mark and why take your time the
numbers in these equations symbolize the
number of times the straight lines cross
the pictures if you look carefully at
the first one you'll see nine crossing
points while the last picture shows only
four and here's your answer
riddle number ten
here's another number progression for
you can you find the mistake here
our traditional 15 seconds begin to be
fair we couldn't find an answer to this
riddle do you have any variants share
them in the comments so we can find the
right solutions together how many of
these riddles did you get right tell us
all about it in the comments below with
your answer to the last riddle and don't
forget to give us a like and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
you